Document images test view (#1992)
plone/documentation: docs/classic-ui/images.md

    Deprecated option names: `scale-crop-to-fill`, `up`.

> ### Images Test Rendering

Reviewer: Sentence case headings.

```suggestion
### Images test rendering
```

> Plone's Classic UI includes special demonstration views that render ready-made examples of image handling and responsive image components using your site's active theme. These views help developers verify image scaling, srcset generation, and explore available image optimization patterns. These views work on image content types (e.g., images or documents with images).

Reviewer: One sentence per line. https://6.docs.plone.org/contributing/documentation/authors.html#plone-documentation-styleguide

```suggestion
Plone's Classic UI includes special demonstration views that render ready-made examples of image handling and responsive image components using your site's active theme.
These views help developers verify image scaling, `srcset` generation, and explore available image optimization patterns.
These views work on image content types, including images and documents with images.
```

Reviewer: @acsr please don't resolve other people's suggestions without a comment. It hides it from the contributor.

> Append the view name `/@@images-test` to an image URL, optionally followed by an anchor like `#srcset` for specific sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append the view name `/@@images-test` to an image URL, optionally followed by an anchor, such as `#srcset`, for specific sections.

For example, on the Classic UI demo site, the URL would be https://classic.demo.plone.org/en/demo/an-image.jpg/@@images-test#srcset.
```

Reviewer: @acsr unresolving this one, too. Bad @acsr, no cookie!

````{card}
```{image} /_static/images-test/images-test.png
:alt: Images Test
:target: /_static/images-test/images-test.png
```
+++
_Images Test_
````

> Example: `https://classic.demo.plone.org/en/demo/an-image.jpg/@@images-test#srcset`

Reviewer: Let's move this above the image.

```suggestion
```

> It displays the following examples (all rendered with the current theme’s styling):

Reviewer: Updating per @petschki's suggestion.

```suggestion
The view displays the following examples, all rendered with the current settings in `/@@imaging-controlpanel`.
```

Reviewer: Updated per @petschki's suggestion.

> It displays the following examples (all rendered with the current theme’s styling):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It displays the following examples (all rendered with the current settings in `/@@imaging-controlpanel`):
```

Reviewer: Oh, c'mon! @acsr unresolving this one, too.

- **Standard image scales**
  Shows the classic Plone scales with different modes:
  - Mini
  - Mini mode=cover
  - Mini mode=contain

````{card}
```{image} /_static/images-test/examples.png
:alt: Example
:target: /_static/images-test/examples.png
```
+++
_Example_

> ````

Reviewer: Let's make this a definition list, with proper indentation to associate the card and its image with the definition term.

```suggestion
Standard image scales
:   Shows the Classic UI Plone scales with different modes:
    -   Mini
    -   Mini mode=cover
    -   Mini mode=contain

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /_static/images-test/examples.png
    :alt: Example
    :target: /_static/images-test/examples.png
    ```
    +++
    _Example_
    ````
```

> - **Picture tags** (Plone 6+ only)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Picture tags**
```

The whole documentation is for Plone 6+ so no need to mention that here

Reviewer: @acsr are you OK? Unresolving this one, too.

  Demonstrates the use of `<picture>` elements with configured picture variants.
  If the site runs on Plone 5.2 or earlier, a regular `<img>` tag is rendered instead.
  - Picture Tag Large – uses the configured `large` picture variant
  - Picture Tag Medium – uses the `medium` variant with multiple `<source>` elements and media queries for art direction
  - Picture Tag Small – uses the `small` variant

>   - Picture Tag Small with title/alt – same as above but with `title` and `alt` attributes explicitly set

Reviewer: Let's try nested definition lists.

```suggestion
Picture tags (Plone 6+ only)
:   Demonstrates the use of `<picture>` elements with configured picture variants.
    If the site runs on Plone 5.2 or earlier, a regular `<img>` tag is rendered instead.
    
    Picture Tag Large
    :   uses the configured `large` picture variant

    Picture Tag Medium
    :   uses the `medium` variant with multiple `<source>` elements and media queries for art direction

    Picture Tag Small
    :   uses the `small` variant

    Picture Tag Small with title/alt
    :   same as the previous, but with `title` and `alt` attributes explicitly set
```

- **img with srcset attributes**
  Shows how to use Plone’s `@@images` view to generate a full responsive `<img>` tag with a complete `srcset`.
  The browser automatically selects the most appropriate scale based on the available space and device pixel ratio.

>   The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`img` with `srcset` attributes
:   Shows how to use Plone’s `@@images` view to generate a full responsive `<img>` tag with a complete `srcset`.
    The browser automatically selects the most appropriate scale based on the available space and device pixel ratio.
    The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.
```

>   The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.

Reviewer 2: maybe we can add a link to the detailed responsive explanation below.

> This view is especially valuable for theme developers who need to verify that responsive images, picture variants, and srcset functionality are correctly styled and behave as expected across devices and Plone versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This view is especially valuable for theme developers who need to verify that responsive images, picture variants, and `srcset` functionality are correctly styled and behave as expected across devices and Plone versions.
```

### Images Test Rendering

Plone's Classic UI includes special demonstration views that render ready-made examples of image handling and responsive image components using your site's active theme. These views help developers verify image scaling, srcset generation, and explore available image optimization patterns. These views work on image content types (e.g., images or documents with images).

Append the view name `/@@images-test` to an image URL, optionally followed by an anchor like `#srcset` for specific sections.

````{card}
```{image} /_static/images-test/images-test.png
:alt: Images Test
:target: /_static/images-test/images-test.png
```
+++
_Images Test_
````
Example: `https://classic.demo.plone.org/en/demo/an-image.jpg/@@images-test#srcset`

It displays the following examples (all rendered with the current theme’s styling):

Standard image scales
:   Shows the Classic UI Plone scales with different modes:
    -   Mini
    -   Mini mode=cover
    -   Mini mode=contain

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /_static/images-test/examples.png
    :alt: Example
    :target: /_static/images-test/examples.png
    ```
    +++
    _Example_
    ````

> Picture tags (Plone 6+ only)

Reviewer: Per @petschki's suggestion.

```suggestion
Picture tags
```

:   Demonstrates the use of `<picture>` elements with configured picture variants.
    If the site runs on Plone 5.2 or earlier, a regular `<img>` tag is rendered instead.
    
    Picture Tag Large
    :   uses the configured `large` picture variant

    Picture Tag Medium
    :   uses the `medium` variant with multiple `<source>` elements and media queries for art direction

    Picture Tag Small
    :   uses the `small` variant

    Picture Tag Small with title/alt
    :   same as the previous, but with `title` and `alt` attributes explicitly set

`img` with `srcset` attributes
:   Shows how to use Plone’s `@@images` view to generate a full responsive `<img>` tag with a complete `srcset`.
    The browser automatically selects the most appropriate scale based on the available space and device pixel ratio.

>     The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.

Reviewer: Per @petschki's suggestion.

```suggestion
    The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.
    
    ```{seealso}
    {ref}`classic-ui-images-responsive-image-support`
    ```
```

Reviewer: @acsr another suggestion resolved without comment.

    Deprecated option names: `scale-crop-to-fill`, `up`.

> ### Images Test Rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Images test rendering
```

Plone's Classic UI includes special demonstration views that render ready-made examples of image handling and responsive image components using your site's active theme.
These views help developers verify image scaling, `srcset` generation, and explore available image optimization patterns.
These views work on image content types, including images and documents with images.

Append the view name `/@@images-test` to an image URL, optionally followed by an anchor, such as `#srcset`, for specific sections.

For example, on the Classic UI demo site, the URL would be https://classic.demo.plone.org/en/demo/an-image.jpg/@@images-test#srcset.

````{card}

> ```{image} /_static/images-test/images-test.png

Reviewer: Both of the images are small and difficult to read on screen. Can you grab a better version at 760px width? Here's guidance.

https://6.docs.plone.org/contributing/documentation/myst-reference.html#width-of-media

Author: Do you want me to change images-test.png? The width is correct right? Which other image should I change?

Reviewer: @Manas-Kenge sorry, @acsr resolved my suggestions without comment, so they weren't obvious as still needing attention. I just now unresolved them, made a comment for @acsr to respond, and committed my suggestions. @acsr's behavior is highly unusual and interferes with our ability to get work done.

Because of that, it appears there were crossed and missed notifications. Everything looks good to me now. Thanks for your work on this!

:alt: Images Test
:target: /_static/images-test/images-test.png
```
+++

> _Images Test_

Reviewer: ````suggestion
:alt: Images test view
:target: /_static/images-test/images-test.png
```
+++
_Images test view_
````

````

The view displays the following examples, all rendered with the current settings in `/@@imaging-controlpanel`.

Standard image scales
:   Shows the Classic UI Plone scales with different modes:
    -   Mini
    -   Mini mode=cover
    -   Mini mode=contain

    ````{card}
    ```{image} /_static/images-test/examples.png
    :alt: Example
    :target: /_static/images-test/examples.png
    ```
    +++

>     _Example_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: Example standard image scales
    :target: /_static/images-test/examples.png
    ```
    +++
    _Example standard image scales_
```

    Picture Tag Small with title/alt
    :   same as the previous, but with `title` and `alt` attributes explicitly set

````{card}
```{image} /_static/images-test/picture-tags.png
:alt: Images picture tags
:target: /_static/images-test/picture-tags.png
```
+++

> _Images picture tags_

Reviewer: ````suggestion
:alt: Picture tags
:target: /_static/images-test/picture-tags.png
```
+++
_Picture tags_
````

Reviewer: @acsr why do keep resolving my suggestions in my reviews without comment? Your actions are impeding our ability to perform work. Please respond.

````

`img` with `srcset` attributes
:   Shows how to use Plone’s `@@images` view to generate a full responsive `<img>` tag with a complete `srcset`.
    The browser automatically selects the most appropriate scale based on the available space and device pixel ratio.
    The example includes the required `sizes` attribute and demonstrates the resulting HTML output.

````{card}
```{image} /_static/images-test/image-srcset.png
:alt: Images srcset attributes
:target: /_static/images-test/image-srcset.png
```
+++

> _Images srcset attributes_

Reviewer: ````suggestion
:alt: img with srcset attributes
:target: /_static/images-test/image-srcset.png
```
+++
_img with srcset attributes_
````

Reviewer: @acsr another suggestion resolved without comment.
